Hey, thanks for purchasing my low poly kitchen pack.

License
 You can use these assets for whatever you want and you don't have to give me any credit (if you still want to, it's highly appreciated). 
 The only thing you can't do is publish these assets by themself (like reselling them or offer them somewhere for free). But I think that's pretty obvious. 
 If you have any questions, just contact me on itch.io or Twitter.

Importing to Unity:
 1. Drag both the "Models/fbx" and "Textures" folders into your unity 
 2. Create a "Main" material using the "Color" and "Mask Map" textures, a "Glass" material, and a "White emission" material
 3. Now set the materials in the import settings of the objects to use the created materials. 

Importing to Unreal Engine:
 0. Before importing any models, set up 3 materials. The "Main Material", "Glass", and "White Emission". 
    For the Main material, use the 4 textures from the "Textures" folder (excluding the "Mask" Texture).
 1. When importing a model, I recommend you use the "File/Import Into Level..." option because it preserves the pivots of all the parts and creates a blueprint of the entire object. 
 2. Select the .fbx file for the object you want to import. 
 3. Uncheck the "RootNode" and check "Import as Dynamic" if you want the object to be movable at playtime
 4. In the "Materials" tab of the importer, right-click each material.
    There you can select the proper material you created at the beginning. That way all models use the same
    material and all textures are used correctly.

Changing colors:
 For coloring, these assets use textures. This helps with performance and is easy to work with. To change colors, just edit the "kitchenPack_color.png" file. 
 If you want to have two different colors at the same time (like a blue cabinet and a red cabinet), duplicate the main material and 
 assign a copy of the color texture to it. Now you have 2 main materials, each using its own color texture, which you can edit.

Contact me:
 Twitter: twitter.com/ZailDev
 Itch.io: zail1337.itch.io
 Reddit : reddit.com/u/xxzailxx

Having issues?
 If you have any issues with this asset pack, please create a post in the "Issues"-Board here: itch.io/t/1445861/issues